TELCODOCS-1707: preparing installing operators (#77279)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ztp-image-based-upgrade-installing-lifecycle-agent-using-gitops.adoc

Reviewer: This module contains two procedures and should be two procedure modules

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * edge_computing/image-based-upgrade/cnf-preparing-for-image-based-upgrade.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="zp-image-based-upgrade-installing-operators-with-gitops_{context}"]
= Installing {lcao} and the OADP Operator with ZTP GitOps

Both the {lcao} and the OADP Operator are required to do an image-based upgrade with ZTP GitOps.

[id="zp-image-based-upgrade-installing-lcao-with-gitops_{context}"]
== Installing the {lcao} with GitOps ZTP

Install the {lcao} with GitOps ZTP to do an image-based upgrade.

.Prerequisites

* Create a directory called `custom-crs` in the `source-crs` directory. The `source-crs` directory must be in the same location as the `kustomization.yaml` file.

.Procedure

> . Create the following CRs in the `openshift-lifecycle-agent` namespace and push them to the `source-crs/custom-crs` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create the following CRs in the `openshift-lifecycle-agent` namespace and push them to the `source-crs/custom-crs` directory:
```

----

.LcaSubscriptionOperGroup.yaml
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1
kind: OperatorGroup
metadata:
  name: lifecycle-agent-operatorgroup
  namespace: openshift-lifecycle-agent
  annotations:
    ran.openshift.io/ztp-deploy-wave: "2"
spec:
  targetNamespaces:
    - openshift-lifecycle-agent
----

.LcaSubscription.yaml
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
  name: lifecycle-agent
  namespace: openshift-lifecycle-agent
  annotations:
    ran.openshift.io/ztp-deploy-wave: "2"
spec:
  channel: "stable"
  name: lifecycle-agent
  source: redhat-operators
  sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
  installPlanApproval: Manual
  status:
    state: AtLatestKnown
----

.Example directory structure
[source,terminal]
----
├── kustomization.yaml
├── sno
│   ├── example-cnf.yaml
│   ├── common-ranGen.yaml
│   ├── group-du-sno-ranGen.yaml
│   ├── group-du-sno-validator-ranGen.yaml
│   └── ns.yaml
├── source-crs
│   ├── custom-crs
│   │   ├── LcaSubscriptionNS.yaml
│   │   ├── LcaSubscriptionOperGroup.yaml
│   │   ├── LcaSubscription.yaml
----
--

. Add the CRs to your common `PolicyGenTemplate`.
+

> .Example directory structure

Reviewer: Wrong title text here?

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: ran.openshift.io/v1
kind: PolicyGenTemplate
metadata:
  name: "example-common-latest"
  namespace: "ztp-common"
spec:
  bindingRules:
    common: "true"
    du-profile: "latest"
  sourceFiles:
    - fileName: custom-crs/LcaSubscriptionNS.yaml
      policyName: "subscriptions-policy"
    - fileName: custom-crs/LcaSubscriptionOperGroup.yaml
      policyName: "subscriptions-policy"
    - fileName: custom-crs/LcaSubscription.yaml
      policyName: "subscriptions-policy"
[...]
----

[id="zp-image-based-upgrade-installing-oadp-with-gitops_{context}"]
== Installing and configuring the OADP Operator with GitOps ZTP

> You can install and configure the OADP Operator with GitOps ZTP well prior to starting the upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install and configure the OADP Operator with GitOps ZTP before starting the upgrade.
```

.Prerequisites

* Create a directory called `custom-crs` in the `source-crs` directory. The `source-crs` directory must be in the same location as the `kustomization.yaml` file.

.Procedure

> . Create the following CRs in the `openshift-adp` namespace and push them to the `source-crs/custom-crs` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create the following CRs in the `openshift-adp` namespace and push them to the `source-crs/custom-crs` directory:
```

  installPlanApproval: Manual
status:
  state: AtLatestKnown
----

.OadpOperatorStatus.yaml
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1
kind: Operator
metadata:
  name: redhat-oadp-operator.openshift-adp
  annotations:
    ran.openshift.io/ztp-deploy-wave: "2"
status:
  components:
    refs:
    - kind: Subscription
      namespace: openshift-adp
      conditions:
      - type: CatalogSourcesUnhealthy
        status: "False"
    - kind: InstallPlan
      namespace: openshift-adp
      conditions:
      - type: Installed
        status: "True"
    - kind: ClusterServiceVersion
      namespace: openshift-adp
      conditions:
      - type: Succeeded
        status: "True"
        reason: InstallSucceeded
----

.Example directory structure
[source,terminal]
----
├── kustomization.yaml
├── sno
│   ├── example-cnf.yaml
│   ├── common-ranGen.yaml
│   ├── group-du-sno-ranGen.yaml
│   ├── group-du-sno-validator-ranGen.yaml
│   └── ns.yaml
├── source-crs
│   ├── custom-crs
│   │   ├── OadpSubscriptionNS.yaml
│   │   ├── OadpSubscriptionOperGroup.yaml
│   │   ├── OadpSubscription.yaml
│   │   ├── OadpOperatorStatus.yaml
----
--

. Add the CRs to your common `PolicyGenTemplate`.
+

> .Example directory structure

Reviewer: Wrong title?
